Updates related_integrations field API docs (#5183)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-update.asciidoc

`PATCH` calls enabling and disabling the rule do not increment its version
number.

> |related_integrations |Object[] a| Fleet integrations the rule depends on. The object has three fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|related_integrations |Object[] a| {integrations-docs}[Elastic integrations] the rule depends on. The object has these fields:
```

* `package` (String, required): Integration package's name EPR uses

> * `integration` (String, optional): Integration's name. It's optional for packages with the only one integration whose name matches package name but required for packages with multiple integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `integration` (String, optional): The integration's name. This field is optional for packages with only one integration whose name matches the package name, but it's required for packages with multiple integrations.
```

`PATCH` calls enabling and disabling the rule do not increment its version
number.

|related_integrations |Object[] a| {integrations-docs}[Elastic integrations] the rule depends on. The object has these fields:

> * `package` (String, required): Integration package's name EPR uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `package` (String, required): The integration package's name, as used by the https://github.com/elastic/package-registry[Elastic Package Registry].
```
